---
created: 2025-07-12 10:49
---
Saturday, July 12, 2025



These visits? What is that I was asking about? Oh, yeah, okay.  Will you allow me to just do a quick for myself? Mm hmm. Please.  So,. So you shared that you had this realization that you could really hurt me in that trust I have for you by withholding your attention or your, you know, all the things, right? And you didn't do it.  And so, yeah, so I'm curious about, you know, something and you got a bit hurt, and all these things came up. Yeah, that's the thing. Yeah, listen.  Well, so I, I think what I was noticing was that I actually did move my attention away from you. Um, kind of as a way to like, it was a way to get back at you a little bit. Like, if you don't want to listen to me, I'll find somebody else who will.  What about you talking about In the circle. Right, 'cause I said, like I said,, if you don't want to listen to me, I'll ask Jenna. Jenna, do you want to listen to me?  And she said, yes. No. And so I was recognizing that, I can modulate where my attention is going and impact you in that way.  And that's a tender spot.. To impact you. Yeah, if I say very raw, I imagine a part of you.  Um. That's something. No, it's it's not.  I wasn't it's not a permission thing. I wanted your. I' permission Approbation.  Approbation. Approbation. What's that word mean?  That's not going to for me. It's not an English word. kind of seeing you saying you that good or giving you space, you know, like, more like the act of.. Hearing me.  You know, of hearing me, hearing you, seeing you, saying, you know, the good part, you. Yeah. So you need that from me.  I wanted that from you, and I imagined that there was something else that you were wanting from me, you were wanting probably more feeling than No, no, no, no, no, no God, no, I never had for you to be any different during the circle. Not even like a molecule. Oh, no.  Oh, no. You sound is so you, so You sound wounded. Do you feel?.  I'm okay. I know. I wanted you to be different.  Yeah. Feel more, no. You can.  Yeah, so the part the part that I was wanting how that I was wanting to be seen was like, there's there's some intuitive knowing that I've been relaxing into or just like watching people shift, particularly Meteus, as he was sitting there, he had a stillness and then all of a sudden there was just a little change. His smile would creep in, and that's when I knew it was okay to say something. Like, 'cause you had asked me, like, when is is it okay for me to say something now?  No. And that's how I know, is I watch for those shifts. When the clinching goes from like this to this.  And there's just a little tiny relaxing. That's when I step in. I imagine you don't have access when you have so much less access when you're not dropped in yourself, right?  Yeah. Yeah. So can can I I just went through that this thing is what you need out of me.  Maybe you need more than that, right? You can need a lot of things from you. That would be really cool.  But one thing you need is. I do not need this part from you, and I think Genevieve needs it. And because Genevieve really needs it, you know, it puts Genevieve who needs you to feel, right?  Since she wants you to feel. And so it creates this kind of resistance. And I don't need you to feel, because I've kind of seen you feel and you, you know, I'm not in a close relationship.  I know whatever the thing whatever the fucking fucking fucking fucking reason. Okay, pause. I don't need you to feel.  Yeah. Okay. Then the thing that I think that you said I need, it feels it feels like a match.  The I need that little bit of curiosity about the how so that the how can be seen. The how you drop in the place that feels. Yeah, and how and how I how I can actually touch people at those those inflection points.  Like when I recognize the that little tiny relax, it's the most question ever. You're actually asking me how I do it. 'Cause I think it's one of the things I I can do what I feel, the inflection, when I'm in the right space sometimes, I don't know what I do, I have no idea.  But sometimes I say I do, I feel, and the energy shifts. Mm hmm. And some, yeah, sometimes I get in the way right, a big part of the thing is I get too much in the way of this, but I can also be the I don't know what I do, but sometimes it shifts to the deeper frequency.  Yeah, I get excited by when I get excited by seeing the how. Yeah. Then then I can bring too much.  So it's like, I have to... But you realized that I don't know what's the answer, but it's not a b answer. Right.  When that thing happens, I have no idea. I can't even recall it afterwards. You know, you would say, you know, I don't know, I don't even know.  I just know that sometimes when I feel deeply, sometimes magic happens sometimes. Hmm. Yeah.  Yeah. And you were that, right, for yourself? Yeah, I want the.  I want the curiosity about how my system is working. Right? And the, like, even the understanding.  It's like, I appreciate the challenge like, they're not challenges from you. They are. They're seeing the thing in myself that I'm not seeing.  Yeah, I know. Right? So the mirror, I need that reflective mirroring.  Yeah. Oh, you know, that's how I got to thinking about you this morning. That's exactly the moment, because under cannabis, I have such clarity that I was trying to see what is the wounded Barton me, that all these defenses are covering.  And I couldn't find it, because the wounded Bard is the Bart that gets disowned and shoved in a place of dissociation that has no access. So I could not find it. I was like, I feel all the things, but what I said, what's under you?"  And then I thought about you, and I was like, "Wa, yeah, I could actually not do it alone. And not doing it alone was actually the thing itself recursively that unlocked tip, the trust, the not alone, right? Yeah.  And, of course, you know, it's so difficult to see what's old parts. That's the beauty of it, right? Mm hmm.  Yeah. Oh, that's why this work is so connecting, right? Because there's no going around it.  If you think you can do it by yourself, you're bullshitting yourself, you need others to see these parts and yourself. Yeah. Yeah, these are interpersonal problems, and there are they have interpersonal solutions.  Yeah. Yeah, are really. You see it at the understanding level, then I feel it in this moment in the Kenned clarity.  Yeah. Do you feel it at the intuitative level, too? Mm hmm..  Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah, and I'm feeling it so much more at the just the beating level. Yeah. Okay, I'll just say it.  It might not be the god truth, but I'll just say it. Maybe it will. And.  Can I imagine for you the challenge is when you feel somebody shifting or something and. Yeah, we're talking about feeling the underlying thing, right? Mm hmm.  And in the circle, if you go to your mind to try and understand, maybe you lose access to feeling it. So maybe your challenge is staying at the that feeling sensation level. tuition. My challenge is usually not trying to like, when I try to, like, if somebody's in anger and I feel the pain under it, and I try and shift them to the pain away from the anger.  That's me.. Yeah, yeah. That's me trying to not be with them.  So my.. Oh, I have to come back to the be with. I get it all.  It's exactly what you shared at some point in the circle. You said, if there's anger, I cannot do it. But somebody else, and I was like,That's me, that's me.  Exactly. That's why it's it's an interpersonal, we need community, right? We need everybody.  We can't all do it, even one on one. We do more, but there's parts that won't get touched. Right.  Yeah. Well. So you know that, what you.  It might mean that one day we will need to go in the anger thing maybe when we're together? Yeah, there might be a moment where you will get to access the anger and I will be there for you. Thank you.  I appreciate that, and I've like, I've done lots of lots of anger. I'm sure there's more.. You've done anger, but have you been received and cherished and altered in your anger?  Um.. In some ways, yeah. Yeah, I'm sure I'm sure there's more.  I'm sure it'll come up. It's not It's not about more. I'm just saying, I'm sure you did a lot of anger exploration, but by yourself.  Mm hmm. I'm just saying, you know, one word, word, you know, there might become a moment where something comes up, and, uh I will be there if your anger wants to say hi. Yeah.  Yeah. The. The challenge for me will be in the trusting my anger..  But that's what you know that where the healing occurs when you trust the other first. Yes. Mm hmm.  So trusting yourself becomes only possible if you first get received by another one. Right. Yeah, it's that.  It's that this emotion makes sense. thing. Yeah, whatever the reason, that's why we need each other, right, because you've got to go. you know, what's the thing you need? It's your don't you trust your anger.  Was that the word you use trust? Yeah. Yeah.  So if you try to do that, you know, without the other, you're, it doesn't work, right? It just doesn't, or it's so hard, right? It's so hard.  It's so painful. It takes so much time. Yeah.  And if another can you receive you, then and that's exactly the thing that happened when you two were here, right? Because that's the crazy thing, right? I've always said by emotions are beautiful, but there is some level at which I dissolve my emotions, the crying is ugly.  There's. There's a level where I actually, and when you two actually said your emotions are, "Welcome, they're okay rightia was there. Yeah, it was others doing it for me and them.  Yeah. And we just played chess now, Bobby. No, but that's that's kind of cool because I realized that I don't know you, but I'm not tired.  This is not tiring. Yeah. Yeah, that's something that's cool to do this thing with you.  With some people, it feels tiring. It feels like I'm doing all the work. With you, it feels like, you know, we're both here.  It's. And it doesn't feel terring. It's just, yeah.  Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, you know, the thing we did, like a couple days ago, that was wonderful for you.  You were completely instrumental to Andrite. There was so many points where you just guided things because you kind of knew exactly the place and you, you wanted touched. Yeah, That was wonderful.  Yeah, the there was something interesting about that process of like, both recognizing the like, oh, I'm trying to connect with you. And then your response was like, okay, I'm not actually I'm not here to connect with you right now. I'm here to support you.  And you are in the in like supporting me was actually in staying out of connection. I didn't even know I was that. I know.  I. Your intuitive, you intuitive responses were exactly right. I mean, that's.. And I was just going with my intuitive responses as well.  Oh, that feels so good to hear. Oh, my God. I went so much for somebody to say that one day..  Oh, thank you. Oh. Oh, there are so many parts in being up.  Thank you. Oh. Oh, my God.  I think there was even a time when you paused and said, "I don't know what to do here." I don't remember that. That's actually why I was asking you if you were high because after we you know, when they call it, then it was so impacted by the whole thing.  And I was remembering these two moments where I felt helpless to move the process. And before that, you know, it's.. It feels so good that what you said about the..  Oh, my God, I feel so good at exactly so there was these two words. I I didn't know what to do. I was so helpless.  And after, you know, that's what I said, and it turned out beautiful. And Bib, that's the thing I needed to say that I don't know what to do. Actually, that's the craziest shit drug.  Yeah, that's the thing you needed. I don't know.. The.  Yeah. Well, it gave me the invitation to actually, like, I think at that point, I actually did tell you what I needed you to do. Yeah.  Right. Like, I. It's beautiful. It's almost like a tag team, right?  I don't know what to do. Take the take the really. Yeah.  Is Is that right? Does that. Well, I I told you what I needed, and then you were able to do that..  Oh, yeah, after that, yeah, it's the thing I needed. I didn't. Yeah, I I didn't where to go.  Yeah. Mm. And you know, it made you want to actually take a PSIP trading to learn those skills.  And after our call, I actually went on the website, really decided to do it, but I know they only take it know, practitioners, but I wanted to go and see if I could convince them because, you know, blah, blah, blah. And I read that, you know, that really hardcore about having a practice, and having see thousands of clients, and so I got like, okay, no, no, this is not happening. So I went more like it.  Yeah, I went to understand what's, you know, what's happening? And wanting to watch the PSIP videos that I already want, but watch them again. and the thing I think I was missing at that moment was, oh, exactly, it was trust. Yeah, it was trust.  Oh, my God. I think with what happened this morning. this exploration of trust, if we went back in time in the Bet, I didn't know what to do, I would trust more, right, I would just ask you. Instead of being, "Ah, I don't know what to do.  It's all about me. What can I do? I'm lost."  You know, Things won't move because it's all about me. No, Trust is, oh, this is cool. I've got as far as I can.  I don't know how to go further. You know, we've gone there, I know like, oh, yeah, I Shed has it. That's just throw to Shep it.  Let's see. Yeah. Mm hmm.  Does that land? Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah.. Because I knew what I needed. Yeah.f.  Oh, thank you for being there this morning with the whole week I' this exploration of off trust. It's like it's like the thing I did this morning in the cannabis jour, before the circle, it just happened in the circle, right? It was like, I did a jour leaving me to the thing in me.  So and the thing I needed just happened, you know? It happened for everybody, right? Everybody, I think, had a deep experience.  Yeah. But I also I also not what I needed. Yeah, me too.  And you know, even Marcia was very quiet, but at the end, I hope she did get something. I believe she was impacted as well. Because if I can be is doesn't like me completely.  This is a real obvious truth and it explains it so much in me. because there's a part of me that really loves Marcia, but there's a part that is a bit difficult. And she actually said it, and it feels wonderful. And yeah, I don't know it's it's all wonderful.  Yeah. Um, I feel a bit, uh sheepish shitting this now, but I've been recording because I wanted to track what my part in this was. I've been recording since you got back from the the bathroom.  And so I just wanted to let you know I have a audio recording of this. I'm actually a bit disappointed because I wished you... I thought you had recorded since the beginning.  No, just just since you came back,. I was actually. Oh, and it's just audio, not.  It's just audio. Yeah, but I can send you the transcript. Sure, I guess I'll do better than nothing.  Okay. I think I want to close out here. Yeah, that feels good. and go go see about my day.  Yeah. The only thing I feel like saying is I' next start. This is, uh's quite an adventure where' we're embarking on, this life thing.  Yeah. It's quite an adventure. In the back of my head, I'm so I want to just throw it out there as a seed.  At some point. let's talk money. Like, so we can and really, maybe, maybe even frame it in the sense of resources. So what are you talking exactly?  Um, I am serious about this living together thing, this village thing, and I have no idea how to how to build it. So if I can be direct, isn't there like a six year where you know, you can't even considerate because of the kids? whatever years, right?  I Eric is turning 12 this year. Yeah. So.  It just has to factor in. You know, we have sort of housing needs that we need to provide for them. But, okay, let me really be clear.  I think it might have shifted right, but I thought I heard you two say, when you were here at some point, that you wanted to wait till the kids or a way to think about this and maybe that has shifted. I don't know.. I'm not interested in waiting till there are a way to think about it.  Um.. There just needs to be factored into whatever equation where we're going with things. I. I myself think that, you know, can you imagine a kid being in such a field?  I think I think it's a good thing. Yeah. So, of course, there's only one other question.  Who does Jen feel feel a little of this? Um, she wants to build this thing. the kids. Oh, uh, she wants them around as much as possible.  She wants to build a safe place for them to them to be safe. So do you think have a place for them to land in the world. A place like what we have now, right?  And that you know whatever form it takes. So does she feel like, is it a big yes for her to have her kids there? Um, if they choose to be there.  Right, if it's something that they're choosing, yes. But.. Okay, I just, you know, I'm just playing the Devils Haveocit at some level, right?  Because there is. So. yeah. Okay.  I just because of one of those is 12 years old, right? So there's always this thing of, does the parent decide for the greater good or for does, you know, Yeah, it's a bit what parenting is, right, if we go out that right at home? Yeah.  At what point do you do something for your kid that you know is good for them, even if they wouldn't go a bit? I don't want it. And at one point do you, you know, what point do you let them fly by their own?  Yeah wings? Yep. But I'm still not sure if Jean V.  You know, Jeme is more of a mystery for me than you are, I think. think there's something of you know, big two guys right there no way. You have to? You have to check in with her and ask her.  Yeah, I'm asking you at the moment to say it's easier., if you like, let's say, how many kids live with you during the moment? Oh, four. Four.  Yeah. Okay. So, you take an environment where I was like, let's say five or six and very, very highly conscious people and deeply healed, and you know, like I did like our group and whatever, right.  And you just emverse her kids in that department. For her, is it the big yes, or does do you know? I think so..  I would assume that there's a big guess there. Because she wantsment for them, but we all have very different versions of what safe means, right? And Gene Vieve's brand of safety she needs for herself.  Yes, and that actually has a bigger priority. Certainly in my world than. So question, if you to tap into this my tuition.  Do you know if she is applying her brand of safety she needs for herself to becoming the safety her kids needs? Yes, she is. Okay, and is that a good thing, or a bad thing?  Um, I have a balancing force for it.. So I think there's I think there's overreach on her part. So there's.  She wants a little too much safety for them. Yes. Yes, exactly.  Exactly. So if I can, it's so. we all, as parents and back our children, so we all carry our owns. Mm hmm.  And so by taking the safety, weFDs of yourself and applying it to her children, it's a good thing, it's all protection, because those parts need protection, but they also need to be seen and let free. And you know, that's basically when that's when we let a kid become more, you know, free and maybe hurt, maybe healed, maybe everything. And, yeah, that's the parenting.  And at a deep level, at a really deep level. that's surface level parenting of what kind of pacier you to buy. May. Yeah.  Yeah, yeah. And you think she's a bit cuteed in the too much safety. You know what?  I think I think in the purest essence, it's okay. Women are skewed out safety. That's their motherly role.  That's that's. That's up to us, men, to write the balance the other way.. Yeah, Jean Vve is not wrong to want safety for her kids.  Not a bit, no. Oh, yeah, that feels good. I want to say it again.  Jean V is not wrong for wanting safety. It's. It's it's up to us, man, too. to be a bit on there.  That's. Let's crack it up, open a bit. Yeah.  When they're ready. Even, my baby is not ready." Mm hmm.  Yeah. Yeah. I have to both end.  Both end. Okay, did you say you were starting to get ready to end the call? Yeah, you did, right?  Yeah, me too, are getting to be a lot. I to interfere. I need a bit of a break before I get day.  Awesome. Well, until next time. Until next time.  Seeyo. See you.

