---
created: 2025-07-07 13:01
---
Monday, July 07, 2025

Today I decided to try my first telepathy experiment, or really my attempt to connect to my intuitive knowing, my connection to the universal consciences. (I hate having to try and spell that word everytime. I need help learning to spell or just letting the idea of it being perfect go.) 

I texted Barbra and told her I was going to practice telepathy. Just so we could later compare notes if anything interesting happened for each of us. 

I started my side of the experiment getting high, a little pot. Then I brought you, Barbra to my mind. I'm writing this as if you're reading it as well. With you on my mind I started to zone into my own experience, as a way to get out of my own way. At the begging my mental dialog was going allot. I had lots of words of appreciation that I was sending your direction. I was noticing how I feel as I brought your face to mind. The image that came to mind was you sitting on Guillaume's couch with your cheeks beaming and a big smile on your face. With this image of you in mind, I felt the support of up, holding up my heart.

From hear I switched my attention to Genevieve, and as I did I could feel her as my gravity, I felt her as my solid center core.

I paused her and sent her a voice message about it, then went back to my mediation.

At some point I started humming, and I eventually ended up with the idea that I was humming so that I could "Tune into the frequency of love". This process took a bit of time. Because some part of me through I could strong arm myself into tuning. Then I started to relax my humming, that would be closer to love. I started dropping my attention back to my body. It some point, I started feeling what I can best describe as a three bladed rotor spinning in my head. Actually this happened just before the tuning. 

Once I got to a point where I think I was relaxing into love I started to reach out to you again. Introducing myself. "This is Schappet, Hello Barbra I see you there."
Then I started playing the "Next..." AR game with you in my mind. I would just imaging what would say about me, And I would say the things I may be to hidden to say. Wow, they felt so clear before, now I can't think of an example to share. I'm hiding again.

Here they are:

- I see you there Barbara, your strength and your enduring
- I see your effort with Guillaume
- I see your love for him
- ... and many more

At this point I dropped a bit deeper and started playing the same game with myself and "The universe". I would play the part of my point of view, and when I spoke from "We" that would be universal conscience. So i started with me saying the thing I wanted to hear. 

"I see you there"
I then tried out saying:
"We see you there"
I then stopped and really felt into myself, this is what it feels like to be seen by Universal Consciences. I continued playing this game of saying what I wanted to hear.

At some point my body sent me signals that it was getting uncomfortable. I did not want to give into them right away though. I acknowledged them asked them to wait while I closed our container. I put my attention back on you. Holding the discomfort of the hot sun on my sink. Maybe with the hope that I could send you different signals. One of love, and the other discomfort. 
With our container closed, I shifted my attention back to "We", i started writing statements as if everything I said as "we" was simply coming from the universe, and giving it more power. But also, imagining getting high on the power of stating things from "We".

The final message I got, from the "We", today is "Words spoken as "We" are sacred"

It was a very holy and reverent moment for me afterwards feeling the sacred importance of this message. I'm going to share it with Genevieve, you and Guillaume, I'm really wanting to know how each of feel into a statement like this.

