---
created: 2025-05-06 14:12
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Replacing Take with Accept
Let me start by saying who I am, I am a 44 year old divorced white cisgender heterosexual male, and I was raised by two loving parents in a suburban home. Because of these facts I have a very specific world view, the world seems fair and just. However, this is not the world I actually live in. I have been taking advantage of many opportunities that only someone like me would be given. While taking advantage of all of these opportunities, I have also been taking a damaging set of assumptions. The first being, that I deserve all of the things I have been given. By not recognizing and appreciating how my house, my job, my health, and wealth came to me I am taking more than I need to live, taking more that I need to thrive. My goal for the next phase of my life will be to accept only what I need, instead of my past actions, which was taking all that I could. 
I was recently listening to the On Being Podcast, Krista Tippett was interviewing Anand Giridharadas. Anand has recently written a book, Winners Take All, about Corporate philanthropy and greed. The premise of the book as I understand it, is that there are unspoken rules in philanthropic organizations, you can talk about giving more, but you can’t speak about taking less. His example included a discussion about soda companies donating money to prevent childhood obesity. The soda companies can give millions of dollars to study childhood obesity, but we are not to question the fact they have made billions by contributing to the problem. In addition to On Being, I have been delving into the world of Buddhism with Robert Wright, and more general spirituality with Eckhart Tolle. Tolle’s thesis is that we are beings with a mind, and the mind will often hijack us. This happens when we focus on the past or future, when we are focused on time. If you are present, you are a being, not in the mind. The mind is a tool we should use, but learning to be present and in our being is our true purpose. In my case my mind has been filled with the idea with hard work anything is possible, and therefore if someone else is struggling, it must be because they are not working hard enough.

What does it mean for me to replace take with accept? First it means that I need to stop taking the world at face value. The world is full of facts, but with each fact there is a set of assumptions. For example, the sun rises in the east and sets in the west. This is true and easily observable. But if I shift my perspective, by moving to one of the poles, the sun no longer sets. The sun now seems stationary, or cannot be seen at all depending on the which pole I’m at. Neither of these facts are incorrect, both are true and yet they are contradictory. Everything we think and “know” is based on our single very limited perspective. So I will stop taking facts as being universally true, and instead accept that they may only be true from my perspective.

How do I replace take with accept? The first step here is to understand that the things that I worked so hard for, my job and the salary that comes with it, my car, my home and all the other things I “own”, have come at a great cost. The cost of these things is not something I have paid. I have been taking advantage of the hard work and sacrifice of the millions of people who came before me. The easiest to see is the work of my parents. It becomes much harder to see contributions from the people who built the country that I live in or the people who invented the technology that is allowing me to write this sentence right now. The discovery of electricity, the creation of computers, networks and the internet, or even just roofing shingles, the list is nearly infinite. These things I have are also the result of the theft, land and labor stolen from people who were thought of as less than, undeserving. If I continue to take these things for granted I am continuing to steal the hard work of others. Instead I can accept with gratitude the work and sacrifice that has been made to bring me to where I am today. Acknowledging it was not my hard work or luck alone that have provided for me. I have not earned the gifts that I so willing take, believing all along hard work is rewarded. I must also accept the fact that I will never be able to pay back the life, blood, money and land that has been stolen from so many to provide for me. My purpose is not to look back and try to repay those debts. My purpose is instead to have an honest view of where I am today and invest in the future of others. By investing in the future of others I can leverage the compounding effects of time and gratitude. If I can make a small positive change in one life that can ripple out to the world in ways I cannot completely grasp, just as I cannot fathom the countless people who make my life today possible.

Who do I take advantage of that I can accept?

When: People will often say to, “Take it one day at a time.” This can be good advice, instead of looking weeks, months or years into the future, dealing with the day that is front of you right now is often helpful. But if we are busy taking on the day, meeting it as a challenge to be conquered we will miss the subtleties and the beauty life has to offer. Each day should be lived to its fullest, not striving to take all we can from it. Get up when it’s time to get up, sleep in when that is what the day calls for. By tapping into the intuition we all have an understanding of what is needed in the moment becomes a simple task, no a burden to be carried around. I won’t be taking it one day at a time, I’ll be accepting now, this moment, as it is. Then from that point I can have a clear head to see more of the world as it is, not just my daily struggle that I have to get through.  

Where 
Why


