# Note for 2023-08-23 (Wednesday)
### Time: 9:15 PM
### Activities: Pot | Mushroom

Background:   Jennifer, Magnus and I spent 5 hours going over the confict that is happening between Jennifer and Magnus. In that processing of the conflict, I spent most of that with my attention out on one of them, I was very aware of which one of them was getting my attention. I made a judgement that things between them had reached a OK, state, both were interacting and calm. I then made a request, maybe in the form of a joke, to have both of there attention be put on me.  For a little while things seemed good, Jennifer was expressing gratitude and appriciation for me, I managed to be able to receive the gratitude for about 2 blocks. We were out for a walk at that time. I reached some sort of saturation point for myself, and felt a pull to check in with Magnus. When my attention left Jennifer she started to appear adjitated to me, i stopped by inquerie with Magnus and shifted my attention back to Jennifer. I have a story that, when my attention leaves Jennifer she feels jealous, I’m guessing she also felt pain from the loss of attention.  Because (BLAME FROM ME) of her aggitation, I shifted my attention back to her and began circling her again.   I also have hurt by a perceived lack of autonomy, when I moved my attention to Magnus, she had an ouchie.  I know I have some blame and some hurt that are alive in this awareness of when my attention moves off of Jennifer she is impacted. My story is she will be self critical of me pointing this out, then I won’t be seen or understood in my pain.   This is what i’m wanting to talk about, clean up my blame, would you be willing to hear me and help me out with this?
