All right, say it again. You were saying the the retreat. Oh, it's.  It's the distance between what it's like to just see the cutest little puppy and say, do do. Hi, puppy, hi, puppy!" I love the puppy with your whole heart.  As they fall and flop over their paws, and they make a cute little mess of themselves. But why can't we love people like that? I mean, right?  What did I say? I said, "Oh, oh, my God. People.  Like, people are scary or they're full of patterns or unpredictable responses. That gets so hurt. I might be rejected or abandoned or...  Gosh, we're so full of negative expectations. So our retreat is just about going really slow and just watching where those places are. Seeing that moment that you feel afraid and having totally safe things that you can go and do if you feel afraid.  Did you even know if you slow way down you have a lot of responses in you that you don't realize. So our retreat is like a living experiment. We're gonna have a structure and also, we're gonna let things emerge as they emerge.  We'll explain more on that later. We Think of it kind of like to our structure. There'll be sort of a wave throughout the day.  We'll do some paddling, some hard work early in the morning, and then we'll get up on top of the wave, and then we'll just ride it and see where it goes. I'll like the rest of the day shape itself. What does the hard work consist of?  Hmm, maybe it's, looking inward at that tough emotional spot, or initiating a tough conversation. You know, maybe you've had a withhold that you haven't wanted to talk to talk to somebody about. Hmm.  Or maybe it's just something really structured, you know, or we stay confined in a space and then what is it like to relax into more openness? Hmm, this all sound, like, interesting ideas. I think that I was thinking about a layered approach to, like, maybe over the whole weekend.  So the layered approach is teaching and then experimentation. So we have to teach people what we're doing. And that might take most of the time.  You know, it might wait until Sunday where we start asking people to collaborate or. kind of maybe just build what we want out of the day. You know, maybe we have maybe we do that thing where you go around the circle and everybody chooses something they want to do, and then everybody can vote on that. And then we'll have a couple of no workshop structures in the afternoon.  But then we also have a good idea of how we want to close the space, right? Mm hmm. Well, I mean, every wave has got to, you know, reach the shore eventually, and there's, you know, settling and reintegration and like, what are you taking out of this space back into the world with you?  Like, what's what's the thing that sticks for you as you settle back into your day to day life? I also think it might be nice to have an opportunity, you know, one of the things about retreats is that we sort of think they're real and then we also know they're not real. So you're on this retreat with a bunch of people.  And they've really touched your life. But you feel awkward because you know you're probably not going to contact them if you get their number. But actually, you're still going to remember them.  You're gonna remember them because this retreat's gonna impact you so much, it's gonna change you and it's gonna start to build into part of your muscle memory. And the people that are at this retreat are also going to be in your muscle memory. I usually wanna send a little note to those people.  Um, like, I never quite know what the relationship is gonna be, but they are people, like, whose memory is woven into mine, and I really appreciate them for that. So I've started doing something where I just send people a thank you and I think of them and I think that's a really nice context to set ahead of time because then you know why you're getting this thank you. Thank you.  I thought of you or and I just want to give a chance for everybody to maybe say what others have meant to them. I understand on this weekend there might be people that you didn't interact with much or didn't really don't really feel like you have anything to say. We'll have to find a way to have a pass.  Maybe if it's a pass, then you can just, like, say a verse. that we could pass out a verse for everyone so that it's just like, I wish you well, I really care about you. I'm sorry. I didn't get to know you or something like that during the time.  So that way everybody's like sharing something, even if you don't have a personal memory about each person. And you can also choose to pass. But I just want everyone to have lots of options because that sounds fun.  But that would be part of a close to saying goodbye to all the people that shared this time with us. And as you're considering making those contacts, think about how you were in this space with us here. Like.  And if it moves you, stay in contact here with the Revillage Society. You may not feel the need to connect with any particular person, but maybe you just connected with the feeling of what it feels like to be like this. And let us be a touch point for that.  That is so beautiful, Shop. So just some notes, the last few minutes have been sort of our both. It's kind of a split between our invitation and our closing.  I think we have sort of morphed from one to the other. But I think the content actually serves as a really good bookending as well. Mm hmm.  So important material to hold on to here. I think we have a discussion of the invitation, the beginning of the retreat and the end of the retreat. Yeah.  Mm hmm.