---
created: 2025-06-09 11:56
---
## What do I want from Tina, be specific? 
Effort

Tina, you spend too much time focusing on work and as a result of this our relationship and you health have suffered.  So I would like you to take time to work on yourself.

1. Health - seek help for your allergy and digestive issues, don’t stop with the first answer dig in until you understand this like protoglandans and actin.  
    
2. Fitness - Being tired does not get fixed by resting, getting active and exercise will allow you work though times of stress, and allow you to build more energy.
    
3. Sex - I want better sex, and I don’t think you enjoy sex, at least not at much as you could. There are times when we go from things getting exciting, some trigger happens, and you get very upset.  When I try to talk about good sex we had the night before, you pretend that you don’t know what I am talking about.
    

  

Appreciation

i don’t feel appreciated for the things I do that make your life manageable, allowing you to focus on your Lab. When was the last time you had to:

- Put gas in your car
    
- Get the oil changed
    
- Snow tires put on
    
- Get up and take Audrey out, go home and check on her during the day
    
- Make dinner, or even wonder about having food that works in your diet at the house
    
- Take out the trash, mow the lawn, put salt in the water softener
    
- be home for something to be installed or fix or sprayed
    

  

The point of the above list is not to get you to do these things, but rather to understand and appreciate the effort I put into keeping the house running.