---
created: 2025-03-30 18:21
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Sunday, March 30, 2025

<< [[Timestamps/2025/03-March/2025-03-29-Saturday|Yesterday]] | [[Timestamps/2025/03-March/2025-03-31-Monday|Tomorrow]] >>

---
### Daily Questions
#####  One memory from my meditation..  
- <% tp.file.cursor() %>

#####  One thing I'm excited about right now is...
- 
##### One thing that is important to me ...
- 
##### Something about circling today...  
- 
##### One+ thing I accomplished today is...
- [ ] 

##### One thing I'm struggling with today is...
- 

---
# 📝 Notes

Leaders are there to provide a guiding force
They demonstrate discipline 
The set the tone for a group
Their shadow is case on the entire group
Leaders hold responsibility




I was standing up to support a more quiet voice. A woman was attempting to express the impact of feeling the attention of men in a circling space. I shutdown other men who were talking to make space for her voice to be heard. I felt my heart swelll and I would have gotten as big as I needed to be to make space. 


My father - was alway there to do the work that needed to be done that no one else was doing. There was a justness in his use of force.

Resma Menikie - he has a grounded and solid heartfelt approach to dealing with a sensitive topic without shame or guilt or dropping expectations of the other. 

Justice
Strength
Discipline
Love
Integrity
Safety 
Cooperation 
Dependability 
Inclusion 
Respect 

To take the responsibility of directing where, how, and when to move or what is the next action to be taken. Always letting go the power/control when it is no longer yours. 
Considering the greater good. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-03-30") SORT file.ctime asc
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-03-30") SORT file.mtime asc
```