---
created: 2025-05-07 16:02
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]



As I begin to close out the end of my computer career I have to start making some decisions about my life. Where do I want to live for starters, I’ve thought about living in a medium sized city, with access to an international airport to make traveling much more accessible. I also have been spending a lot of time thinking about how I want to live. To this point I have always had a home, but lately I been considering something more nomadic. Maybe even just living in a trailer, moving from city to countryside as I feel like it. But maybe that is not exactly what I am looking for. What do I want? I want to find home. Nothing really feels like home right now. Maryland has family who care about me, and who I care about. However, my spiritual path no longer aligns with my childhood upbringing. My view of religion and spirituality now, are much more focused on an internal representation of god and opposed to the typical evangelical christian view of the omnipresent, omnipotent holy trinity ruling from heaven above. Is home some place? Or is home a state of mind? Or is it something to be found with another person, a partner to spend your life with. This last one is the one that I want it to be. I think that why my heart has been hurting since Kate said she does not want to let me into her home. Where do I start, finding home, finding myself or finding a partner? I want to find a partner. Someone who shares my dreams, my desire to go somewhere and just be, but my fear is by looking for a partner first I may put my dreams on hold for too long, to support them while I wait on my life. So I think I have to scratch that one off the list. Finding home, may be possible, but I would need to have a good definition of what home is for that to work. Home for me is a place with loving and supportive family, that person who shares your dreams, so it’s back to finding a partner. Oops, I guess that does not really work then either. I’m let with finding myself. Full circle back to where I was the night I asked for a divorce. 

Where is “I”, me, Jimmy? What am I holding onto, what I am I afraid to let go of to be me? Not the person people expect me to be, not even the person I think people think I am. I can’t disappoint my parents anymore. I have possession I no longer use or need, a job that I not very happy with, but it pays very well. There is a sense of security there, in the job, that means I’m going to be ok. What if I let go of all of the it, the job, the things, the place to live? Am I holding on to the idea have having something to do each day, or something that “I am”? There is that phrase again, “I am”. Am I my job? Am I anything without my job? Who am I? If just being is enough, what’s stopping me from being?

I AM.

From this simple phrase, I AM, all the worry and concerns of the outside world come crashing in. For me, it’s not about food or shelter but rather, dealing with things I still have snow tires, a motorcycle, old books, pictures, paintings and furniture. How will I afford healthcare coverage… None of these worries changes that fact that I am. They are things to be dealt with, items on a checklist. If I let go of them, sell them, give them away, they will no longer be my concern, that could be a simple solution. I think this is why the minimalist guys have the right idea. Letting go, is the first step, and maybe the most difficult.