---
created: 2025-04-24 08:15
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, April 24, 2025

<< [[Timestamps/2025/04-April/2025-04-23-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[Timestamps/2025/04-April/2025-04-25-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---
### Daily Questions
#####  One memory from my meditation..  
- 

#####  One thing I'm excited about right now is...
- 
##### One thing that is important to me ...
- 
##### Something about circling today...  
- Laci, Stephanie, and Karl were in my circle today. We closed the circle with a very touching exchange that started with Karl asking about the impact of dancing on Stephanie's emotions and shutdown. This question felt weird to Stephanie. Laci and I agreed, it was a bit odd. Laci then went on the gently bring Karl to a place of seeing more of Stephanie. I was in awe of the whole process and brought to tears. 
##### One+ thing I accomplished today is...
- [ ] Merge PR and deploy new content
- [x] Send request for people to interact with and update the Map
- [ ] Send Stephanie a link to sessions with me
- [x] Work on mobile version of the new webpage
- [ ] Get Notebooks syncing for Genevieve on her device and the new desktop computer. Almost

##### One thing I'm struggling with today is...
- 

---
# 📝 Notes
Today I am celebrating with wonder that is circling. I felt a lot of awe in my circle this morning watching everyone come together around a tender topic. 

Struggle I'm having is allowing my No and not taking on the shame or guilt of having a no or even a trigger. 

Looking forward to a time of peace, or at least the finding the peace in myself. 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-04-24") SORT file.ctime asc
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-04-24") SORT file.mtime asc
```