---
created: 2025-04-21 08:35
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Monday, April 21, 2025

<< [[Timestamps/2025/04-April/2025-04-20-Sunday|Yesterday]] | [[Timestamps/2025/04-April/2025-04-22-Tuesday|Tomorrow]] >>

---
### Daily Questions
#####  One memory from my meditation..  
- 

#####  One thing I'm excited about right now is...
- 
##### One thing that is important to me ...
- 
##### Something about circling today...  
- Circled with Andreas, Guillaume, Dennis, and Marsha. I spent a lot of time in the circle in my own experience just monitoring myself. I was watching Andreas facilitate the circle, directing the flow, pulling people into the circle. Guillaume and I had a moment of connection talking about his receiving of care from only Marsha, I called bullshit on this, because he has also received care from me. I've watched him do it, and he has even reported on it himself.
##### One+ thing I accomplished today is...
- [x] Hosting AR Games Event
- [x] Meet with Danielle about in person event
- [ ] Get the oil changed in my car

##### One thing I'm struggling with today is...
- yesterday Genevieve asked me to plan how we could have a date activity list and we could use her spinner to decide which activity we are going to do. The list of items she suggested activated my sense of doing chores. When I said No, I was not interested in that she had a big reaction. I was shutting her down, my energy was wrong, I was triggered and needed to own my stuff more. My no, seems to have activated a big response. My no, was not welcomed. 
- today we are in a new and different conflict. We hosted an AR event about emotions, which we knew were going to be a challenge for Genevieve, we had several conversations about what was going to happen going into it. And it was still activating. 

---
# 📝 Notes
Today I am celebrating...

Struggle I'm having...

Looking forward to...

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-04-21") SORT file.ctime asc
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-04-21") SORT file.mtime asc
```