---
created: 2025-04-26 19:00
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Saturday, April 26, 2025

<< [[Timestamps/2025/04-April/2025-04-25-Friday|Yesterday]] | [[Timestamps/2025/04-April/2025-04-27-Sunday|Tomorrow]] >>

---
### Daily Questions
#####  One memory from my meditation..  
- No meditation today

#####  One thing I'm excited about right now is...
- Got lots of things done today
##### One thing that is important to me ...
- 
##### Something about circling today...  
- Marsha, Tatini, Neal, and Guillaume. The circle had a great flow, at the end Neal told me he did not have anything he could argue with what I was saying. This felt like a big win for me. After the circle Tatini and Marsha stayed around to talk we had a great discussion about lying. Marsha and I then had a great 1-1 with her talking about the impact of predicting a phishing scheme that her work had not seen before. Marsha was left feeling as if there was no solid place to land. Marsha and I took the belief that she caused this and then went into each level of Belief, Think, Express, and Finally love.
##### One+ thing I accomplished today is...
- [ ] Deployed latest changes to [ReVillage's Page](https://revillagesociety.org)
- [ ] Moved Webserver backend code over to Revillage repository
- [ ] Completed Submission for for RSVP
- [ ] Updated Page contents
- [ ] Moved Genevieve's notebook to github, now syncing across 3 devices

##### One thing I'm struggling with today is...
- 

---
# 📝 Notes
Today I am celebrating getting lots of things completed. I was dare I say, highly productive today.

Struggle I'm having allowing the awkwardness with Genevieve to be there, focus on my feelings and being with, not managing hers.

Looking forward to Sunday afternoon, no kid time.

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-04-26") SORT file.ctime asc
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-04-26") SORT file.mtime asc
```