---
created: 2025-05-08 10:39
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

# Thursday, May 08, 2025

<< [[Timestamps/2025/05-May/2025-05-07-Wednesday|Yesterday]] | [[Timestamps/2025/05-May/2025-05-09-Friday|Tomorrow]] >>

---

### Daily Todos

- [ ] Practice [[Gateway Process/Focus 10|Focus 10]]
- [ ] Yoga/exercise
- [x] Walk 
- [ ] Read for 10 minutes 
### Daily Questions

#####  One memory from my meditation..  
- 
##### Some things I want to do for date night...
- [[Date Night Ideas]]
##### One thing that is important to me ...
- yesterday I was saying Genevieve and my compasses were not aligned. I had judgement of the tension I felt between her and her son. It wasn't until this morning that I realized that I was feeling disgust and trying to manage it, instead of seeing the hurt she was in. I had a "rule" that she should ask for help, really I just learned that leaving her be when she's triggered is safer. This question comes from fear and my brain, what does it mean for me to be her emotional support animal? Where do my actual emotions flow?
##### Something about circling today...  
- In the circle today I talked a little about being in conflict in the house. And how much disruption it caused. As the circle went on we on someone said they wanted a taste of the soup I'm in. I then took this metaphor deeper and looked at what I was getting out of being in the soup. I'm here tenderizing. Learning now to be with others, to be in conflict, how to be in connection.
##### One+ thing I accomplished today is...
- [ ] 
##### One thing I'm struggling with today is...
- 


[[Exploring Companion vs Savior]]


---
# 📝 Notes
Today I am celebrating 

Struggle I'm having 

Looking forward to 

---
### Notes created today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-05-08") SORT file.ctime asc
```

### Notes last touched today
```dataview
List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-05-08") SORT file.mtime asc
```