# Note for 2017-08-25 (Friday)

Mmmhmm 
My sweet juices are dropping and I'm begging you to taste me. She was dripping. 
I begin by slowly tracing your clit, with my finger, just enough pressure. And I ask, "a little more or less pressure?"
"More please, Harder and faster", she begged. 
As I continue to explorer your clit rubbing up and down the left side, slowly. Always slowly, but sliding one finger inside, 
With my mouth on your clit. Licking and tasting every bit of you. 
Yes. More please. I want you to taste my cum 
I can feel you clinching tighter on my finger, as I search out your g spot. 
Fuck yes 
Building more pressure for the inside, while sucking on your clit.  
I can feel you pushing and pulling into you
Wanting more, so with my other hand in insert a second finger, switching them back and forth. 
Suck my clit while your fingers explore my wetness 
Fuck yes, spending your lips with my mouth blowing hot air on to it, followed by sucking it
With my hand I gently begin to explore your anus, testing if you like to have it played with, you instantly pressing my finger
Willing my deeper
Me deeper
Mmmhmm go ahead 
I wasn't asking! 😈
Yes tell me what to do. 
It's time for you to roll onto your tummy now
And on to your knees
Oh damn 
I'm continuing to finger you, never losing contact. 
But now there are two fingers in you continuing to press your g spot, it's not general any more, I can feel your urgency you want to come, you need to. 
Your pulsing pussy calls to me, I go back with my mouth to feel those vibrations building, they are so strong now. You are right on the edge. 
Yes. I'm almost there 
Just the tiniest bit more pressure on your g spot, shifting it from left to right, yeah right there where you like it
You know the spot don't you
Mmmhmm 
You are shuttering all over, but I won't stop
Finally you have to push my hand away, you can take any more
One last push, and you explode
Into a blissful orgasim   
Yes. Thank you 😊 
I will want a grade on that tomorrow.
I'll give you an A++
That was an amazing literary description 
I wanted to give you an O
Thank you, that's how I roll. She comes first
Well, I think it's harder to come by these days. 
I think my meds make it so it takes me longer to climax
I think divorce has effected me similarly 
I lasting much longer now
Really? I suppose that is good for you. If it takes me long I start to feel sorry for the guy 
I have to wait and see guys lasting too long, can be bad as well
Well I'm quickly becoming intoxicated. I forgot to eat supper before I drank water wine. That makes it worse 
Sure does. Will you sleep well tonight? Or more directly, did you have an orgasm
