if I start I'll just have to do like all of Damien's context or something and I don't want to do that and I couldn't like figure out which one to say. Like usually I'll premeditate in my old days when I was posting morning circles, like in that five minutes while everyone's waiting, I would say like, hey, you know what? I was reading this?  And, I wonder if you if, you know, we could practice that today, what would that be like? You know, what are you, what's it like to hear that? You know, I would ask someone..  So I would like do a little leader thing of course, you only hat with it.. And I just kind of felt like I was like, seating the circles for, like, I was educating everybody just one element at a time. When did you get out of it?  Just the practice. I was that. Did it change your circles?  There better circles because people thinking about that instead of Because it can be such a fe for all so often. So what did you think what did you think after her talk with Christine? We're like, what shifted?  How was our conversation with Christine shifted you? Did you take off the. Oh, I took it off.  What? Okay. How did it shift me?  Well, is it recorded? recording everything? Using a random part started a few moments..  I'm going in a few different directions. I want to learn all the structures I could possibly learn, you know, memorize the entire AR Games book and find more structure books on how to play with people. So I have like like a drive and a passion for for that, which is too big for this event.  I should distill down what I know already and try to just like make a simple of an event as possible. I think hearing Christine's overwhelm showing up about the amount of work it would be and things like that sort of dovetail with that as an idea. Well, it's like keep, if we keep the intention pure and the the exercise is simple, we'll probably get more benefit than.  I agree. It's just, I'm just fascinated with the idea of choosing the right structures. So, but I do tend to be recursive and not quite land under anything and like have a house and ideas that never like make into a pile.  So, let's see. So maybe good questions to ask right now is like, what are some of the number one things that we want from the retreat? Like if I'm in the retreat, what do I want to experience?  Or like, if I could pretend like I'm a participant, like, what, what's the experience? What's, what do you want people to come away with? Yeah.  So my number one thing is, like, full acceptance to be themselves, like, respect their own boundaries. Like, it's almost like going back to the agreement of authentic relating, but actually going slow enough to really see and honor those.. But sometimes these ideas, like my ideas are so kind of deep that they don't, it's not really an activity.  It's like, it's more like an outcome. And then finding the activities that, because I could see how like if we micro look at every single step, that would be totally overwhelming. Like even hinting at talking about the steps or maybe we should just have active time and then downtime and then some way to like spark the context to have a deeper time and then the ribbons.  Yeah. And a deeper conversation in the moment. So like a little, like a little seed from the, like a little bubble that you could like, like say we're at the dinner and you're like, oh, I'm feeling insecure.  I want to go talk to somebody about it. That'll be a weird experiment. And then you go over to the person and you say like, do you want to be in the rainbow bubble with me or the communication bubble with me?  Or whatever? Like, I don't know, have a name that's not that cheesy, but a different name than that. But so then you could like start, you could pick up the context of talking about everything.  Like for a short time. One of your work sheet moments, like going back to a work sheet that says, you know, maybe we have a couple of different worksheets. I want to deep in.  I want to find connection. I want to find acceptance. Like a way to enact the.  This is so fun. Right. To enact like the circling context anywhere.  Right. And so you have this helper thing that you can both agree on. This is what we're going to do for the next, you know, context.  So. Yeah, so, and now I'm thinking, like, who is this for? Is this first, like, is this for somebody?  Like, who wants to, like, for me, the reason why I would want to do this is because I don't admit to things to myself a lot of the time. You know, I don't admit kindergarten feelings like when I'm I want to change. I want to change that question from who is it for?  Yeah. to talk about what are we putting an offer on offer for them to say yes to? I know. Okay, I understand that it seems like what I was saying had a negative or something, but I No, I don't.  I think I was trying to. I was what I was I was trying to loop back to something. Like...  So I felt a little bit missed there. But then.. I'maring I heard you say.  I heard you asking for who is this for? And I'm wanting to. Yeah, it wasn't the right.  That question didn't encompass what I was actually trying to answer. So. Okay.  How would you like, let's get really clear on the question. Yeah. What's the question that we want to answer about the people?  Okay, I'm not sure how to think about this, like the one way that I thought of to think about this is, like, say I pretend to be a person that's just walked into a retreat, right. And I'm kind of new and I'm a little nervous. Like I could even be, what's her name?  Stephanie. You know, I've got all this stuff going on in my mind. Yeah.  I don't know if I want to say it or not. So the context here is.. I'm still totally.  Yeah. I'm still very deep in my self-help work. Well, right.  But like the context here is like anything that's on my mind is welcome. I could talk about something like snively. I could talk about something needy, like everyone's going to forgive me.  So, like, is it possible to be as much me? And if that means, like, I have to take myself out of the space, then I can't, you know, having permission to regulate in different ways. So this is important.  Like, how am I regulating? Okay, so this is that, this is the down, this is the earth, like the earth breath of our retreat. So our retreat needs an earth breath, which is a a body regulation, I think.  Can you label, just give me like a label for three worksheets that we can bookmark to come back to? Um. I don't, in a way, the workheets was your idea, so I can't quite link to that without, I don't know.  I was. I actually brought it in from one of your ideas that I really liked.. You wanted to have.  I have conflict worker sheets. Right, but I can imagine even just some. Oh, like self-reflection.  Self-reflection, journal prompt thing. So, like, journal prompting could be one. label that we could put on something. That's true.  Like, people could choose. Like, like, maybe everything we do has, like, three levels or something and everyone can choose which level they want to be on. Maybe not always, but I'm just, I'm using this as a frame right now.  But, so one could be talked to somebody. One could be process herself, right? Like it's the same as our ribbons.  But you could also have like different, like a works sheet for processing by yourself or a work sheet for processing with someone that just has some really open-ended questions to journal. And I'm thinking like even. So what I was talking about was different flavors of worksheets, whether I wanted to do, a deepening process.  Like what's, do I want to feel this feeling more? Okay, wait. So this is, okay, deepening process.  This is, I feel really excited right here. This is important, I think. Um. forces uh.  We could make these work sheets up and then send one a week to people that they could actually, like, interact with it for, like in their life for a week. Like, you know, hey, do us a favor and just read it every day or something. Like you don't have to like, you don't need to touch it anymore than that.  But as prep for our workshop, like just read this thing every day. So we're definitely well, we definitely have things that are on we' want to pepper them with. once they're a yes to coming. Yeah, no, but I'm excited about this.  Like, what if it's actually just like almost a Cohen? It's like a, it's we don't put much information in there. We just ask a couple of questions.  Yeah. Right? Like, where is this in me?  Is there anything else? Is there is a deeper. Where am I here?  Where is the other here? Where is If I drop all story, you know, what's my biggest complaint right now? Just, or like if I tell a negative story.  Like, how can I talk to myself differently? So it's right there's shadow worksheets, right? Yeah.  How can I see myself different? Well, or how can I just really see myself? Yeah.  Yeah. And then, so that would be like so. I really see myself solo journal prompt.  Yeah. We could have back and forth and like even like reflective listener worksheet, your job is the listener is to say just this, you know. Well, we can even put anything else.  Yeah. We could even put three options. Like, and someone could circle, like, just say to me, is there anything else?  Just say to me, I don't know, we could almost use different styles of people and then. What I heard you say was. Yeah.  So that would be an interactive worksheet. Yeah, so people could prep on that. And then for like, you know, so say we do, I don't know if we only need four work sheets.  It'd be cool if it was just something like that. And then we could send one out every, so people could learn kind of like interact with the material. Which is a big ask, actually..  So, okay, and what I really want to sell at this retreat is like an experiment in being together, like an experiment of a village. Yeah. It's So fun.  So, and we need handwork. We are a secure village. Maybe we even, like, play with that a little bit.  Like, maybe that's the, like, LAR ping. Like, if there's a tiny bit of LARPing in it, I don't know if that's Sibing want to do, but like role play. Like, what if we assume, like, what if we just play with like it exists?  Like, would that be too scary for people that's kind of edgy? I think we. I think we do that as part of...  Although that's like the field. It's the entire container. It's the field.  So how do we set that as the container? Like, what words would you use to describe or like, what energy, like, that was with the deep play retreat did. A lot of cool stuff with this because they had the power.  They had the group way to call everybody in. They had the cooperative kitchen. You know, there was like all of these different pieces of the thing was this homeness, but I guess we know homeless, right?  Like we know hominess. We just make it for ourselves in all hoopiness in our lives. Of course.  All hominess. All ourselves. We're living this.  We live this. Okay. Okay.  So. Yeah. And invite you in the our home and to celebrate authentic connection over a weekend experience of a village role-play where we keep in connection, we focus on being in the present moment with one another.  It's like circling of steroids kind of. An experiencing life at the speed of connection. Yeah, we will have elements of grounding into the body and somatic work.  We'll have elements of invitations to boundaries and alone time.Cause this is going to be some pretty. en courage, even demand that you bring yourself and your mode. What do you bring that is unique to this world that we need to experience? Yeah, we need to define that a little bit more.  So this is like a bookmark. We need to define.. So, you can mark it in another language.  Just call it a to-do list or a to-do item. Okay, yeah, to do item. is refine the concept here. Do you remember what it was?  The invitation for somebody else to show up. So we need to define the concept of what it means for somebody to bring. What we want for them to bring what offering.  Yeah. Probably even want to talk to people and interview them about what offering they want to bring. I think so, but part of it is um part of it is I want them to sacrifice a little bit.  Like I do want them to bring something for dinner. Like maybe bring a salty thing for our beans and rice or something. Like, what's something that you would bring?  And like sacrifice face in your suitcase for this thing, you know, or like find a way to bring it. But you're like bringing something from your, it's like a pilgrimage and you're bringing something from your hometown as a gift. Do they And it can be very humble.  I invite humble things. I invite something that just is grounding for you and humble and like, it's you. So you're bringing a piece of yourself.  And there's a bit of effort I hear in what you're talking about that you're wanting to start Well, I want people to collect things for the, um for the and experience, like that could be like the collecting things needs also a worksheet. because 15 minutes.. He's also a works sheet because um like, that's a lot to like, what is it like for you to bring a gift from your hometown to you know, on this pilgrimage to live in community for three days. Like a welcoming village.  Oh, we want to Oh, that's a. Maybe a village and not a welcoming. I'm like, so worried about it getting too sappy.  I'm like, eh. What if it were just so like a welcoming home from welcoming travelers' homes? Welcoming traveler's home.  That is such an awesome concept because that kind of adds the roleplay, but it kind of like makes it make sense somehow. Like we could like, I wonder if we could be like almost the parents and we're welcoming these people home. We don't need to, I mean, people, we don't need, people will cast us well enough in that.  But. It's kind of trippy. It's pretty deep.  That's a lot to hold. There's a lot to hold as a leader. That is a very grounded.  Just the, or the, just the move to honesty, honesty, honesty, honesty, and the patience to listen, like the patients to have the attachment to like the earth or something, something other than the moment. Other than the relational moment. an attachment to a value. I'm telling you, the thing that Jen did write in the movie.  He was encouraging... Steve Carell to, like, talk to his daughter and not talk to her, but will listen to her. And that's what dad was not doing, was not listening to her at all.  Like, she couldn't make that choice. Right. He didn't know what the relationship was about at all.  Right. And didn't believe that she could do it.. He needed to listen to her.  Well, she had to, like, her opinion had to have value. Mm. Yeah, it's really, it shows, like, there's a lot of misogyny and, like, even in my, like, even in my own eyes to have a heart, like, I can see that I have a hard time seeing that.  Like, I'm like, ugh, why would you trust him? I'd be so mad, you know, like, it's even hard for me to think about hearing her. Like, I like, her opinions irrelevant, which is so not true.  Like, she's in that relationship and she's making that choice. And they had a special relationship. So like, her viewpoint, if she was like the queen of the world and you totally went to her first, it'd be like, oh, you've got this because you would see the dynamic and be like, oh, this is a different person than I've ever seen before.  Yeah. And this guy is different with her than of these other people. It is.  He's not even the same person that he was before. Yeah. Right, if the woman is elevated.  It's so weird that I could have as much consciousness and still see that much misogy you. Like, just think about the people that have zero fucking consciousness about it. For some reason, I don't know why my mother's decrees.  Like, it seems like they' really imprint on me. So, like, her saying that she that that sexism doesn't exist at all and it's totally made up. Like for some reason the sexism part, I'm like, oh, I guess she must be right.  And I'm like, like I can totally see how that's totally wrong. But my brain like has a hard time unbelieving this thing my mother said in that moment. True believing this is. some sort of spraying there on the sky.  And then just looking at the little bursts, the dashes and the way it spreading in the upper wind so easily. Yeah, I don't.. That's pretty creepy.  I don't know what all these chemic are. I' something up there. I feel surprised that the smart people. are so in defense of germ theory.  Anyway. All right, well, you ask me questions about my latest theory of the world. The binary one.  Oh, yeah, it looks for We're going to have to answer in. We have nine minutes till the end. So my belief is that the portal death to the universe, the portal to universal consciousness. is through is destroyed any time you come down to a binary. 01, right, wrong, good, bad.  I'm using my own vision for how this works, and it's, you know how those sequin pillows, like you can pet them in one way they look one way and one way, they look the other. So I'm I see it more like that, that like we are actually already all completely in consciousness. Like I have nowhere to get to.  All I have to do is remember. And so it's like the turning of the cells is like the turning of those sequins. And so it's just like a remembering.  So I was holding my reality about that. And then hearing your theory and seeing if it worked And I was like, oh yeah. Like it's the same as like the porch is talking about the Vegas theory where either you're digesting or you're not.  So if you're scared, you're actually not digesting. Like digesting is really fucking important. Why are we normalizing being scared?  Like, what? Like, oh, if you're scared, it's a personal problem. They prey on it.  Pray on us while we're scared. They feed of are scared. Yeah, it's really gross.  Yikes. Yeah. Capitalism is like the biggest scam that ever.  It's like the biggest way to amass wealth under people's permission that ever existed. Like, it's like the most, the way to keep the people so compliant During the day in this case, for me, is anybody who believes that powering over is the right way to go? Or that there is a right way to go, because then you're in that binary.  Yeah, but what a practice, like, life is a practice and trying to practice, I mean, I feel like I have this value pretty deep in me and I've been working on it for several years and I have a background that I think makes it easier for me to go into this. because of how much I have been powered over and how deep the value is to like how much I hate it. So... Quite a thing, huh?  It's like, socially power to emotionally, socially powered over. Like, we're not, like, hit with whips, but anyway. that's done. So...m I take the trash cans up the hill.  Right now? Yeah. But it's. 