# Note for 2022-09-06 (Tuesday)
### Time: 8:00 PM
### Activities: #Pot  # Liquor  # sex

While getting very high and drunk with Josh, Collette and Jennifer I had a very impactful experience. It started when I went to sit on the sofa and relax. The three of them were still in the kitchen talked, I began to notice that I was absorbing all of the energy from the kitchen pulling it into my belly. As the energy was moving into me, there was also a visual of a chain from deep in my belly pulling all the energy in, I was sucking the energy from, what I imagined, conflict. After a little while of that, Jennifer said it was time to go. So I said my goodbyes. Josh commented on how ill I looked and I was feeling very unsteady. I headed out the garage door got to the end of the car and had to stop and steady myself, finding my own ground. With a lot of effort I made it to the RV and laid right down on the sofa. From there I began discharging the energy. As I was do that I would notice where I was getting overwhelmed and had to slow down. Josh came out to check on me, I explained what I was up too the best I could and that I was fine.   Then Jennifer came out to the RV. We started talking about what was going on and getting settled into bed. She did an excellent job holding space for me and asked just the right questions to send me deeper into my feelings. At this point it was all just raw emotions, I began sobbing as she held me, I think that went on for 5 minutes.   I don’t have any clues right now about what was being processed in my system but it was really big without many words.   I want to keep any eye on this pulling energy into me so I make conscious decisions about allowing it in or just leaving it alone.
