# Note for 2021-09-04 (Saturday)
### Time: 5:41 AM

It was extremely quiet as he that morning. A few time during the night he had woken up to some foot step going by straining to identify the sound, was it a person or a bear. Camping out in the woods away from all of the normal sounds of cars, air conditioners and all of the noise of the modern made every sound now feel amplified, turned up to 11.   There was a new sound breaking through the silence as he awoke. He began listening fear that it could be a critter of some sort. The sound held his attention. Something was moving near by. After listening for a little while he identified that it was the sound of a person, maybe just turning over in their sleeping bag, maybe they were just having trouble finding a comfortable position to sleep or just tossing and turning. After a little while longer a rhythm started to emerge. It was very quiet and slow at first, almost like someone snoring. Then it started to build, getting just a little louder. As the sound got louder the pace also increased.   Was someone masturbating here by? Now his attention was fully on this sound. The sound of the snoring shifted, it was clear now that it was breathing. Not wanting to disturb them or scare them, he reminded still not making a sound. The pace picked up again, and the breathing got a little more erratic. The sound of the breathing also became muffled, had they covered their mouth?  The pace of the sounds picked up again. Wow, this was so hot to listen to. He could feel the urgency as the volume increased all of their efforts to keep quiet were beginning to slip. There was a moan! It was now clear someone was having a very good time with themselves in a tent near by.  As they finished the sounds erupted and then quickly fell silent again. The heavy fast pace of the breathing began to slow. He then began to think about the day of hiking ahead that will be had we this person. Who was the mystery masturbater?
