# Note for 2021-09-06 (Monday)
### Time: 6:21 AM

As they finished up dinner they neither one wanted their date to end. Their long distance relationship was working well but had some challenges like being able to touch one another. They hadn’t been together for very long at this point but talking was easy between them, and the attraction was clear for both. It was late in the summer, a beautiful late August night, warm, and they meet near a college campus. School was starting the next week so there was some activity but the campus was mostly empty. They decided to wander the holding hands and chatting. The conversation continued to flow effortlessly. They walked through a small park and found a bench, they sat and kissed for a little while, then continued their walk. The farther they walked into campus the darker it got and each time they stopped their kisses got a little longer. They were sitting on the bleachers of an empty football field and between kissed he asked, “Do you want to have sex here?” Her response was no, not right here, someplace a little more private.   Off they went looking for a little more secluded place, the touching and kissing also moved up a level. They would stop and make out from time to time, waiting to see if people were around. Nothing was quiet the right spot. Then they came to a running track that was fenced in, their path was blocked, it was the end of the road. They leaned next to the fence, her back to the fence and him in front of her. The area was dark. No one else was around. He began to grab her ass. He started to slide her panties down, and then using him for balance she finished taking them off. She then unzipped his pants and released his cock. Holding her against the fence and lifting her leg he gently slid inside her, she felt hot and extremely slippery. The sex was hot and fast being out in the open like this had them both very aroused. Holding onto her leg and the fence he lifted her up and down on his cock. She only half attempted to control her moaning, clearly no one was around or they just enjoyed the show. With a few more moments of fucking next to they track they both climaxed. He tucked her panties into his pocket, now they had to figure out how to get back to they car.
