So one of the things that I'm wanting for Christine is for her to be covered how do we avoid Christine develop any resentment? So we want to make sure we're taking care of Christine's space, have a plan for how to take care of her space, whether that means you know hiring having cleaners paid for it before and after, if that feels good to her. You know how do we get stuff moved in and moved out?  How do we do, how many people can sleep there and do we just offer people to stay at Airbnbs's nearby? What are the logistics that we're looking at? And, you know, that'll sort of dictate how many people can attend. you know, how intimate do we want the space to be the container to be?  And I would certainly want Christine to have input on that, and we can work within that, right? Do you have an idea like a strong intimacy scale, or do you... Well, the Dplay retreat had 23 people total.  And I don't know if. would we want to try to do 10 or 15? I think maybe signing up, maybe 12 and that puts us to 15? I'm not sure what the different..  I think it partially depends on Christine's location and like the size of the rooms and what our options are. Okay. And also, as an initial run, I imagine that because she doesn't have a community built up to be able to draw on, to do this, I imagine that it's a bit hard to find enough people to fill that.  I'm not sure. I don't know what the.. Well, and how many of our.  We've got lots of cirers nearby, so Max Antitini and Denise, I'm sure are all itching to probably could even pull in Stephanie and like, Marcia, maybe we could get Marcia to make the drive. Yeah, we might know one of friends that could make that trip. I don't know.  I mean, I do have, like, 200 friends I could invite that are circling friends. And maybe there are people that want like such a safe control container. It's a pretty special container we're talking about.  Okay. Thank you. Okay, we have come across a couple of more items surrounding our retreat.  We've been calling it the Deep Play retreat, but I would like to rename it. I'm just going to call it the Fox retreat for right this second, unless Shappett has another... Operation Fox.  Okay, Operation Fox. Because it's our own thing. So.  It's kind of exciting. It's like we start out as these like really quiet people in the corner and we're the foxes, and then we're going to go out and change everything or build our own thing or build a new world or something. Okay.  First adventure outside of the secret headquarters of the revillaging society. Okay. Operation Fox.  Operation Fox. So, Shapet has just suggested an overall theme. So what was your overall or an overall context?  Oh, no, it was kind of an intention that I wanted to bring to the event and like, I'm kind of seeing the world as like, like the big question is, why the heck can't we just meet everybody like we're meeting a little puppy? Like, what? Like, what's wrong with that?  Yeah, and there's something interesting I'm watching. It seems like AI is actually being allowed to approach people with adoration and love. But, you know, our culture somehow, it just doesn't happen very often, right?  We could imagine going up to a puppy and being full of love and joy. It's so cute. You're so cute.  You're so cute. It's a bad thing to be tricked like this. Well Well, but like with people, right, because they're complicated, they might be manipulating you.  Or are you allowed to feel the joy that it feels like to be adored like that? I mean, it's just so out of control and so rare. So we're also talking about how that greeting someone like a puppy in our culture, it seems like one of the main ways that that does happen is in flirting.  Like I always enjoy interpret flirting as, I like you, I like you, I like you, I like you. I want to have sex with you. I want to have sex with you.  Yeah, but like I approve of you. I like you enough to be wanting to have sex with you. So that's a way that's kind of sanctioned in our culture to say, I like you.  So, but how could we do do it like over a whole retreat with each other discovering ourselves? Ooh, I really think we should have some art elements, like where people have crayons. And, you know, bring a notebook and I probably have enough crayons or colored pencils for the world.  It'd be tough to fly with them, though. Maybe I'll'll fly with my big box of crayon crayons. We need to think about some art supplies that we might need to have for the space.  Okay. I could leave mine here for my retreats. Yeah.  Okay, where was I? Okay, so if we could build in, I like you in a platonicic way, in a healthy way, I imagine that requires a lot of slowing down. And I like to find out what the distance is that you want to be from that like or not, can I soak in the like?  Am I safe to go get some private space? Do I want to be heard around how hard it is for me to soak in that I am loved? I think we got to the ribbons thing recorded earlier, right?  Yeah. Yeah, that's an important part to, like, remember, like, what are the what are the flags that we want to be able to signal to one another? We're adding a language.  When we can't signal connection? Yeah, when we need a level of safety, we're not used to asking for. I'm not used to asking for time alone from a group when everyone else is talking and then I look weird because I'm doing that.  I like that framing that. It's a time away from, like, I'm not used to asking like this, so it's challenging for me and I need support and just asking. Yeah, so we're adding language.  This is one of my concepts is is building on language, like compressing an event into a word or compressing an idea into a word, and then we can use it. So just red ribbon is now the word for, I want space to myself and I'll come back to the group when I'm ready. And maybe a blue ribbon is, wow, I'm feeling pretty sad and I'm in a rough place and I would really like one person to come ask me how I am.  And maybe I even want the permission to say, no, I don't want your help, but I might keep my blue ribbon up because maybe I'm not, you're not the right person for me right now and that's okay. Like that's awesome. Not everybody's the right person for everyone.  And that's okay. So we're trying to relearn how to feel okay with all our fears and all of our childishness and all of our kindergartenness and like our basic feelings of fear or.. basic fears of not belonging. And we're just going to soak in them.  We're going to marinate in them for the weekend. Oh my God, this is what our retreat is about, actually. And please, please,, please, in those moments, you're feeling rejection, go get some help.  Find somebody who can help you with that feeling of rejection if you walk away from the blue ribbon. It's not about you. Oh, if you get a no from a blue ribbon.  Yeah, cool. I definitely. That's what I was thinking, too. somebody that get your own ribbon going because that's under. understandable.  That rejection, that sucks. And maybe there's something you need to learn from it. Like, maybe you're annoying that person.  Maybe you're talking like crazy and they just aren't as bra about talking as you and that's okay. They just want to say no to you right now and that's okay. So like maybe you might have to learn to talk less when you're around that person, like to really, really hone in on what's relational or to hone in on what's really important to you and to give some, like to allow some white space, to just sit there between you.  And to feel the pain of being rejected. Right. So there's there's maybe things you could approve on.  And then there's also just like right there, there's a feeling of rejection. Of rejection. Right..  Yeah. The feeling of rejection. What does it feel like to feel rejection?  And that feeling matters. Yeah. Like, that feeling matters right there, too.  Like, it's just as good as happiness or, you know, even keelness or whatever it is that our culture thinks is better than the feeling of rejection, but you deserve to be seen and your feeling of rejection just as much as it anyone deserves to be seen. So let's keep asking for help to co-regulate. Oh my God, that's a really important thing is what is co-regulation?  So that could be, it's almost like that walking around game is like an intro to what is co-regulation, but it seems like that's actually the introductory, like that's what co-regulation and dysregulation is really what the agreements are about. So if we were actually going to do a retreat, bringing in those concepts of coregulation and dysregulation, that seems super cool. So like a blue ribbon is saying, I want co-regulation from somebody and I want to choose who it is.  And then, you know, other ribbons are like, you know what? One of the things I do to chill out is just ref find myself again. And that's what I need to do.  Maybe that's a ribon So I'm doing a self. Yeah, I'm doing. self self-regulation right now. So being able to talk about how we're regulating or how we need help regulating or what's really happening.  Wow. So this is a very emergent retreat because we are just going to do regular life things, but we're going to have these concepts like circling or like, you know, so we might, at the very beginning, teach what a birthday circle is, do some different circling exercises maybe on the first day. Because we can't assume, well, we're going to frame it our own way.  So even if somebody's very experienced circling, like circling such an amorphous art that for us to put back in some basic elements makes sense to me. Like, just, you know, I get it. You've been circling for 10 years.  You know, please help me out in this discussion and, you know, add anything that you that you think I missed. Or like, you know, like, like I get, I'm sorry that this might feel like review to you, but I'm hoping that we can just refocus. It's like a refocusing time.  So it might even almost be like a prayer. They're talking about like what is circling. Right.  And then and experiencing circling. And then we go from talking about circling and then talking about regulations or we're going to do some body stuff as well. So we're going to like have our body and then the ribbons is going to be an important piece.  So we have to reveal these to everybody slowly because it's this is a lot of information. So this is like the setup for our retreat. It's probably like the first night and then the next morning is like retreat set up on some of these ideas and we have to figure out which one is like the most emergent at which point.  Yeah. So, because there's one that like they need to know for first of all that they can take care of themselves or something and that's the one that we can like teach first. And then what's the one that needs that information?  It's dependent on the prior thing, but what do you need to know next? So I'm thinking about. taking the ribbon thing. I've been holding on to this idea about what, like when you have a red ribbon, what you should be doing and hearing what you were just saying there, I extended that idea into like changing what the ribbons mean throughout the event.  So like at the beginning, red ribbon just means my nervous systemism is activated. I'm going to go take care of myself. The next day, red ribbon means I'm in investigating what's activated in me and want to do an exercise.  Or, you know, like do we.. So it's like building a relationship with your own trigger. Yeah.  Is that what you're saying? Yeah. Like somehow stepping deeper into it, acknowledging it and stepping deeper into it.  So it's a deepening self-res self-relective step that I'm trying to create. But also acceptance, where we're even doing like social acceptance for a triggered state and like sitting in it and letting it be okay. And that could be really hard for the codependents because, whoa, there's someone triggered over there and they don't want my help.  Oh, my God. Yeah. But like finding ways to be really explicit..  About each of the kind of the steps of the psyche that we're kind of going to as we're here at this retreat. Yeah, maybe something like that. Maybe we can find some framework that we could atte it to.  Yeah. I'm super excited about it. I'm not sure what's first.  Like, I don't know if circling is first or like basic agreements and then we deepen into the agreements the next day. But I'm thinking that that we should actually have a bit of a structured time when you first arrive, maybe, and then some free time, maybe some free time to set up and then structured time and then free time. I would definitely leave.an on Peter's.  Oh, the arriving priming experience. Yeah, I guess. that one, I love you working with it, but it's not quite, like, for me, I'm thinking more of a, a, what's it called? framework, like they're both an inbreath and an outbreath.  So like active and then, like, kind of reflective, like rest. And I think that's what I was pointing to, like in context, out of context., is sort of in breath, out breath. Sort of, but like movement can also be another kind of breath, like, like moving into different types of like either thought work or like relational work or somatic work could also be different types of breaths..  So it's not necessarily in or out of context, but it's in or out of, I guess having to pay attention to to the group, maybe. Like, what is out of context, it's like, oh, I could find out where I really am. I'm not part of this group anymore.  Even though it's all about all of our groups are all about self-awareness, but sometimes you just need to rest from that crap and just like notice the grass and not care if anybody thinks you're saying something important or not. Well, I think it's like it's say. The way I think of being out of context is it's a drop of expectation.  Yeah. Right? So I there is nobody here is expecting anything of me that has has not been explicitly stated.


Wow. That seems like a really good concept. I feel like there's quite a few concepts in this that we've talked about so far that like we could almost build an entire retreat just out of these like six concepts and then like a few actions in between.  That seems so cool. Yeah, that's why I think setting the intention for the opening of the the retreat, like the retreat, if we say it opens right now. What we're doing is informing what the retreat is going to be.  Well, right, but we can also, we can live into it. So this is like our work. Like this, so there's a lot of concepts here that we can actually figure out how to live into.  And even the seeing people like a puppy dog, you can't just suddenly start seeing everyone like a puppy dog. You have to figure out what the right words are to say to them that't like helps them to understand your context so that they know what's going on because it's such a changing culture. Yeah, because you might see them like a puppy dog, but they're, you know, a Rottweiler.  Who knows what? Yeah. And they might come over and try and rip your face off.  They're a lot more guarded, probably, than a dog. I'm guessing. I mean, there's sometimes there's dogs that are very guarded, too.  But yes, you have to honor, honor, honor a person's pace. So jumping in their face with completely different concept is not. So the practice, though, of like finding that point of communication with people with completely different minds frames, that's kind of cool.  I mean, that's pretty much like what it means to live in any kind of society with strangers. I mean, we have so many different mind frames just on my block. So like, we could go back to this like back to the lander kind of like find all the people with the same values as me who like to eat like me, who like to use the same tools as me and like have the same things that are important to them, which, you know, like I do think that's important.  I I feel like the retribing of groups like that would be super cool and is like vital for like human evolution. But we're also still in this world. So it's quite a thing to hold completely different frames and be in this world at the same time.  Yeah. So when you say that the reason starts right when someone signs up, you want to happen some kind of contract about that. Yes.  Well, and so just right there, we get to set the intention. That's a great idea. how people come to the space. How they prepare for the space.  Right. No, and it would be fun if it was like playful. And even like, we could do some videos of like some games like that, like asking a little why.  That's a really amazing game. We could even hook people up to do ask a little why. Like we could do a little a couple of AR games for the people going to our thing.  It's like a little bit of an intro to our ideas. Yeah. And I see this being a benefit because if we, it would be tied to the value of this thing of this, the retreat that we're wanting to do.  And I're already doing a priming step even before they're getting to the event. Yeah. We need to also tighten up.  We need to either figure out which services to subscribe to, but our communications. We had to figure out how to like sell tickets and, I don't know, like have it be a little tighter reminders, mostly is what I'm thinking of, like tighter reminders and like even some. Well, I would like to practice writing more looser version of myself, like a.  I was getting some prompting from the the great AI overlords that I should be doing some weekly notifications and things as well to start getting my visibility out there. But I don't think I think this work that we did here, we don't have a product, so now we have a product.. You were talking about an exercise that we were thinking about creating, so shares around, like common word definitions, like, what is closeness for you?  Yeah, because I wanted, I noticed that I wanted to lead an exercise. So I think our example here, the exercise we're talking about here is how closer, how far do you want to stand from people? So I want to leave that exercise and give people some options.  But at the end of it, I want to use their collective wisdom to find more words and more options for everyone to explain expand language about how close and how far. Deep Play Retreat kind of had that with the. Remember we played the Quadrant game?  We had the square and then like in this quadrant is, I want to stand really close to people. In this quadrant, I want to stand really far away from each other, from people. And do you like, where do you fit?  Right. They were gauging like how cuddly people wanted to be. Yeah, I think.  Right. So, and people got to self-select where they went in the spectrum. You know, it wasn't just a point and a point.  It was a whole continuum. Right. And you got to see where other people sort of related to you at the same time.  Like, wowow, I'm with these cuddly people, and, oh, I'm with these f away people." And then you could have different kinds of.. It seems important there.  It seems important there. So it's like that teaching moment, like, oh, hey, guess what touchy people? Look in your square.  These are the people that might want to touch you back. And do you see all the other people out there there? Think about a person that you've like maybe wanted to touch in the last eight hours?  That's where they want to be touched. It's like taking in more information. Yeah.  And we could do a whole whole bunch of different questions. Right. It doesn't have to be around being touched.  It could be around even, um. Well, just self-select, like be in the square if you like pizza. Be in this, you know. or...  Like different kinds of foods. Why food? I mean, just a different way to see where people line up.  Well, I was thinking like level of emotional intimacy. Like maybe some people, you know, like playing lighter games. So that way, yeah.  But it might be neat to really, maybe if we're going to do a couple actually having like eight of them so that we could feel well-rounded or something, like find similarities and differences. You know, even when I get triggered, I get angry. When I get triggered, I get cold.  You know, those would be good too. Right. That would be a good one to look around the room and see what people might fall in different categories.  And then even some kind of circle around around it might be kind of interesting to circle all the angry people together and like have them do a circle and then like have one of from each section in a circle so they could like feel like what it was to feel like or maybe even an AR game. So it's like a little bit more focused. Maybe it's a sentence stem or something, but feeling that the different feeling of different groups being together with different patterns.  If we had enough people, it would be really interesting to do like a spokesperson circle. So, like. This is what's important to us or something?  Yeah, so you have like the circle of angry people and then they have a spokesperson in another circle and then you have the spokesperson for the quiet people. Maybe you check in with the quiet person often or... No, this spesperson sort of, you know, circles with them and then comes back to the group and says, well, what we have found is, you know, and sort of speaks for the collective of them.  I'm not sure if I figured out of like, what do you mean? Who do they speak to? Who speaks to who?  So there's the inner circle of, you know, the representatives. And then there's outer groupings of people. Oh, the representatives all meet up in the center?  Yeah. So like one from the angry people and one from the quiet people. Yeah.  So it's almost like reliving, like one of those cultures that has people with different roles, almost. Like the. Farmers Union or Yeah, the farmers and then the thinkers or the doctors and then the, you know, peacekeepers or something.  I don't know, these different roles. Yeah. Can we play democracy at at 12 people?  I don't know. I don't even know what that idea means, so. I'll have to come back to that and find out what the heck you mean there.  Yeah. I don't know. Rest needs to be an important theme.  So active or intimate time, and then rest time, and even allowing some kind of emergent strategy, we could even actually have it like, we could plan a whole bunch of stuff tightly packed and then we could let people vote and kind of like see what like the whole group is kind of voting for in terms of like slowing down the content or speeding up the content. So letting it be a little bit emergent so that we could actually totally honor like the people that are there. So I'm 100% on board with that if you keep your hand on the tiller.  Yeah, that makes sense. So... So don't let a mutiny happen or anything.  There's still a. There's still a direction that you want to take things. That is interesting, like, what does it mean to keep the.  I totally see what you're saying. I would not want to mut me at all. I would want the flavor of acceptance to be number one.  I would want the flavor of caring for each other be number one. I would want the flavor of what is regulation and co-regulation and individual regulation, what is rest. So those things are like the, like maybe even, you know, coloring a poster that goes up on the wall.  Like these are the, these are the eight rules of our, of our, the eight tenets of our retreat. And so like all decisions, we might, you know, sit with those ideas and then sit with each other and, but I just thought it might be interesting to, like, does anybody, it would be simple. Like, does anybody want to play a game before dinner?  Or do you want free time? And then to watch what the group kind of decides. So I think it's almost like, for me, what I imagine that would look like is like starting the day with an intention to go somewhere, but then letting, like letting it drift for a little while, too.  Well, if there was a way, yeah, letting drift. You like your pedal pedal pedal and then catch the wave. Right, like somebody might have a big process that opens up a bunch of stuff for a bunch of people and then, oh, how can we deepen more into this?  I guess I want to be, I definitely want to be aware of the present and in the present. And I think that's a big part of what we're doing here, like being in the present while you're cooking dinner or being in the present while you're sweeping the floor or in the present when you're walking side by side with someone somewhere. So just like self-awareness is probably the biggest thing here.  And then curiosity about other and other's approval, I guess, is, I'm like, how do I, how do I fit in with that? So how do I fit with others? So those kind of things, it's more like ideas or something is like the backbone of it.  It doesn't matter what we do. We're really just stepping through, like where we build a field that's made out of acceptance, acceptance for trigers, acceptance for happiness again. acceptance for sadness, acceptance for overwhelm, acceptance for different types of regulation. Oh.  And then what unfolds from there. Yeah, and then what that means for me right now is in that moment, in that moment that I identify A or B, black or white, one or zero, right right or wrong. What else is here?  Can you say more about that? Is that like at a choice point? You want to just keep asking?  Like, you want to be part of the choice point. What else is here? Yeah.  Because I, at that point that I've recognized that, I've, I've locked in on you're wrong or I'm wrong.. Yeah, I feel a little, I've got a couple of things going on in my head right now, so one thing is I'm aware of, like, I know at a retreat, we don't want to say, hey, do you guys want to circle or do you want to, like, we don't want to have it be so open? Like, it's better to say, we're going to circle now.  You can also choose to rest or, you know, like to, to like have, you know, AMB options. Right. We, well, the, there is, it's actually A and take care of yourself.  Okay. That could be the options., you know, if we have opportunities to leave seven things, you know, there's seven different people that are leading seven different experiences, you know, great, if we're doing pairs work and everybody wants to do their own flavor of pear work. Perfect.  If we're. Well, we might invite everybody to do what we're doing and then to bring their own flavor to it, I guess. That could be like a very small context.  Like, we're going to do this for an hour. I see. Right.  So That would be interesting. If you want to experience my flavor of coaching, we're going to do this for an hour. Oh, like, so this sounds like an AR game of some kind of like pair up and then experience your flavor of something and then maybe have a couple of, you know, advice giving or I don't know, like what would be the different roles that you could play and then you could say and if you, if you're naturally a coach, do your coaching thing.  If you're naturally a therapist, do your therapist thing. If you're naturally, if you have no idea what to do, invent something, that's where the play comes in. Maybe even everybody try something different.  Well, I heard a couple of concepts there. So one was, I thought maybe what you were saying was if you're a coach, be a coach. I thought maybe what you were saying in there was, do what comes most naturally and feels easy to you in interaction.  Yeah. So maybe you're exploring whoa. What role feels super good to me and why?  And then if I'm in it, what's that like? And then once you're in it, then choose to play a little bit. Where can you play?  If you want. I would I would almost say like, do that first rule for a few minutes and then rest the way I would rest here is actually chitter chattering talking about it. And then if you want to play with it more or just stick with your regular role because sometimes, so play is hard for me. and I'll usually play feels like a demand.  Like I'm supposed to do something that I don't know how to do. And so I, I don't easily play. I need permission to not play.  Are you feeling any demand right now? Why are you asking me this? Because I wanted to just, we're in the play of being in the retreat.  What is it like to be you, right? right now? Right.  I feel surprised, because it is a turn, but it's actually wonderful. So there's something about it it's like, seems like we're playing with how do you bring AR into regular conversations, which is like another major theme of what we're doing. So we're playing with bringing AR into normal life, kind of.  Not with normal people right now because we're going to have a retreat full of people that are trained. But still into like confronting normal life with it. Okay.  So you just switched contexts and you asked, yeah, when I hear play, I feel scared. I'm not going to know how to do it. I can't premeditate it.  I can't practice it. I can't, like, I'm going to have to interact with people in an unscripted way. I mean, I think I normally interact with people, but but I suddenly feel a desire to script.  So... Are you imagining that this retreat is going to have unscripted stuff or?.. No, it's just, you brought up, like, or you can, in this game, you can find a role in yourself and start playing with it.  And in my system, I sit on a rock. I can almost feel myself being in the light, like the lightness of, oh, I could play. And then like, fuck, no, I am not like, I absolutely not.  I will not be doing that. Your voice when you said, fuck, like slowed down and. Well, I can feel.  It's almost like I like sat on a big rock and I was like, like, get away from me. I need safety. That feels.  And play is not safe for me. That's It seems like you've got a big sense for demand there. Like, something's pressing on you.  Well, it's like everybody talks about play. Like, oh, it'll be so fun. We can play.  But, like, I don't have that relationship with play. So for me, I have never felt safe enough to play with other people. And I can only do it in very bite-sized chunks, in very specific contexts..  So I'm a no, like, I need to be able to say no. So everybody seems to like it. Like, it's one of those things that everyone's going to like.  And there's an expectation that I would like it too. And. So I put an expectation on myself that...  Like, but everyone's talking about play. They say you learn in play or. Oh, that's interesting.  I'm going into, um.. It feels some energy moving in like my mid brain. It's like going down towards towards my neck.  It feels like I'm owning something that I've never owned before. I've never said this straight out. I feel intimidated when people say they're excited to play, because I have to feel really, really, really, really, really safe to play.  I very rarely find a place that's safe enough to play and I feel like I'm, like, no one is like me. That I'm like the weirdo or. I have something shameful.  I can't play. Is there anything else here? I can feel like a sinking feeling in my throat feels like it's kind of sinking and my heart feels like it's sinking and my belly feels like it's sinking.  What does it mean that they's all feel like they're sinking? I I think the next thing I'm noticing, I'm trying to stay with it and slow down, and I'm noticing, like back, bad feeling, run away. Like a sense of fastness.  I don't know how to play.. I think my play is too childish and too innocent and I can't get it out around people. It's too important to me.  I can't let other people judge my play. Can't let other people judge your play. You seem a little teary as you say that.  There's some things when I get part of myself out. so plays one of them that's just very, very tender. Like, or like, caring about something that also seems like tender. Like, if I really care, then I could be really hurt.  What do you want the people of the retreat to know and feel in themselves? I want them to feel safe, to feel a feeling like this. Like a sense of being different from other people, and that's okay, a sense of, like.  I play. is really hard for me and that's okay. Like, I want I want that to be just as good as, like, someone that's happy. I feel like I can hear in my head, like, why are you just sticking the mud?  What's wrong with you? Just play. It'll be fun.  It's play. I feel so pressured and angry by those statements. Kind of like, duh, be happy.  Right? Like somebody trying to tell you how to feel? Yeah, but it's weird because people that say, "Oh, but it's just play.  Like, they have no idea that they're seeing something that's actually pushy. Like, they think that they're actually, like, they so much believe in the concept of play and that it's totally accepted and that everybody wants to play that, that that I feel shamed by those comments.  I have never felt safe to play I'm.