# Note for 2022-09-18 (Sunday)
### Time: 8:00 PM
### Activities: Pot

I wrote this this morning from your perspective to me. I wonder if it sounds like something you would say or if there are edits you would make.     Jimmy, I hear you saying that you want a heart to heart connection. I hear how important connecting with me is to you. You have a very deep need to connect with me in this and only this way.  However, I am not open to this right now. When you are coming towards me with this heart to heart connection need all I feel is the demands of a little child grasping at me. This happens over and over again as your singular focus on this need keeps coming up over and over again. I have a huge “no” to the grasping part of this type of connecting. I have told you the every way I know how. I’ve tried gently, forcefully, with strength and every other way I could. You just keep trying. You are being very stubborn and stuck in one way of being and connecting. I need something different from you right now, not only do I need something from you, I need you to show up and express yourself.  I’ve heard you say that the only thing you can give me is your presence. That is just not true. You have many more things to offer and share. I love connecting heart to heart with you when I feel safe or when I need your direct support. Right now I am working on my own process. When you are grasping at me I have to move out of my process and take care of you. I hear that you feel rejected and that is very painful for you, but that is not my responsibility. Feel your feelings, don’t grasp at me trying to avoid them. I am going to set a boundary about this. If you attempt to remain connection from me I will tell you no. If you continue to pull at me after that I will put more distance between us. I know you have more to offer than just presence, stop limiting yourself.  Show me something new! Express yourself in different ways. Tap into that creativity you say you have. I am here with you right now saying yes to do many parts of you. I love you and this grasping part of you scares me. I don’t want to be afraid of you. I need more context, more information, to feel safe. That means if you want access to me you need to open yourself up, express where you are and stop demanding that I tell you how to do it.  I can be with you while you are feeling and expressing your feelings but if you are avoiding them and grasping at me I’m out.   Written by Jimmy from Jennifer’s perspective.  Her reply:  I think it’s all correct except that I don’t feel fear or “not wanting to support you” - I feel rage that I haven’t understood or processed yet. Shows up as a no. I think if I said yes, I would start hitting you with all my might. I don’t know why. Trust the body I suppose.
