---
created: 2025-05-06 14:05
---
tags:: [[+Daily Notes]]

I just got home today from work, March 15 2019. Tomorrow Tina is getting married. It’s finally hitting me today. I’m not quite sure what it is about it. We’ve been divorced for 18 months. Am I questioning her decision? Yes, I think she’s moving too fast. I’m not sure why she’s hurrying into another marriage. But that’s not really what my feelings are about. I think it has more to do with being on the outside. It’s the same feeling I have when Kate is off with her family. There are all of these groups of people I know who have other people they feel so close to. But here I sit alone. One of the questions I’ve asked in the past is will I ever find love? I’m not sure what I had with Tina was the closeness or lovingness that I needed. That repeated again with Kate. Kate and I click on many levels, and have a strong pull towards one another, but she has different focus, one that shifts away from me. I can live with that to an extent, but I have not found a way to fill in the rest of my time without that person.

  

My current excuse is either Audrey, because I have to come home and take care of her or the commitment I’ve made to Kate.

  

So I’m left feeling isolated. And that hurts, and makes me sad. I’m not sure what to say, I sort of want to blame my parents. They were always off working, and left Patty and I home as latchkey kids. But thinking back it feels like I was alone more of the time than with Patty. I don’t know where she would have been if we were not together.

  

  

I feel like I need to cry for a little while. My therapist would ask my what do the tears have to tell you.I want to be help

I want to be loved

Find me

Im here

Why don’t I.you fit in

  

Is there such as thing as outsiders syndrome? Sort of like imposter syndrome, but instead of feeling like fake you feel like you are always on the outside looking in? That is how I feel. Like everyone else has these close friendships and I don’t just seem to have.